l10n_mx_toponyms/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

================
Mexican Toponyms
================

This module extends the functionality of Odoo to add Mexican toponyms according with the catalogues publised by SAT on the CFDI 3.3 specification

Currently these catalogues are supported:

* Paises
* Estados
* Colonias
* Localidades (Ciudades)
* Municipios
* CP

Installation
============

Install this module as any other module on your Odoo instance.


.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/193/9.0


Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/l10n-mexico/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Federico Cruz <federico.cruz@openpyme.mx>
* Manuel Reyes <manuel.reyes@openpyme.mx>
* Agustín Cruz <agustin.cruz@openpyme.mx>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

fix(res.country.state): Remove USA and Canada states from the module as there are included on Odoo b

l10n_mx_toponyms/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

================
Mexican Toponyms
================

This module extends the functionality of Odoo to add Mexican toponyms according with the catalogues publised by SAT on the CFDI 3.3 specification

Currently these catalogues are supported:

* Paises
* Estados
* Colonias
* Localidades (Ciudades)
* Municipios
* CP


Installation
============

Install this module as any other module on your Odoo instance.


.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/193/9.0

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

USA states are included on Odoo base module.

For Canadian states you can use the module `l10n_ca_toponyms
<https://github.com/OCA/l10n-canada/tree/10.0/l10n_ca_toponyms>`_


Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/l10n-mexico/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Federico Cruz <federico.cruz@openpyme.mx>
* Manuel Reyes <manuel.reyes@openpyme.mx>
* Agustín Cruz <agustin.cruz@openpyme.mx>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.
